fix: updates cloud run mc php nginx sample (#1913)
GoogleCloudPlatform/php-docs-samples: run/multi-container/hello-php-nginx-sample/README.md

4. Configure the service with the appropriate memory limit.

> You will see as you read through `service.yaml`, that the memory limit has been explicitly set to `320Mi` due to container concurrency of `1`. 

Reviewer: I missed these numbers on previous read-through, and I'm missing some context for why this is true.

320Mi - 192M = ~128, and this app definitely does not need 128M per process.

Let me suggestion a change based on the understanding I have on what we're trying to say:

```suggestion
You will see as you read through `service.yaml`, that the memory limit has been explicitly set to `320Mi`. This leaves ~128M for PHP processes after allocating 192M for opcache. 
```

Note that we are using Mi and M as memory units together, if we can use M in the service.yaml it would make the math simpler and more accurate because I've not done conversions on 320Mi to M in this math.
